# ML
Hi Colin,
How are you? This is George from Metrotech08 and as you probably know we have been playing with NYCoed for almost 7 years. I'm writing to you regarding a side project and I was wondering if you can spare a couple minutes and help us share your thoughts and wisdom on this.

I have been trying to run the Metrotech team with Siming for many years and one of the biggest pain point we face is to recruit enough players( Girl subs, players who's willing to play defence or pay. We are a bunch of NYU graduates so we relied heavily on Alumni networks and forums), and also finding the most suitable league for our teammates (considering everyone's playing level/schedule preferences). Since last summer we've been thinking about creating a website that help us solve these problems. The idea was to build a platform so everyone can get on it. The teams can recruit players, the players can find other players with similar playing level to form/join teams and leagues can post openings. We are developers ourselves and we have been playing around with the side project in our spare time. Now we are thinking about extending the website for league managers where leagues can be overseen in a centralized way and be part of this ecosystem so it's easier to handle both existing registrants (e.g payment processing) and unregistered prospects (e.g ad broadcasting) as we believe this will benefit all the player users.

So this is where we are wondering maybe you can kindly share your opinions and expertise on this. I personally think NYCoed is one of the best managed leagues. Your website is designed brilliantly but other than visual optimizations do you have other pain points while managing the leagues through the web, what are the things that you are already trying to change but hard to implement, and what are the top prioritizing functionalities you would like to see if say a league like yours is a user of the system. 

(For example, one of the things we are actively working on is coding up a mobile app for Referees so they can capture goals/assists/fouls/cards more accurately and effectively in real time. The app is hooked up to our database so player profiles and stats are updated automatically after every match and any profile with extensive history will help us figure out his playing level and preferred field location so the league/teams can target him more effectively. )

Thanks for your precious time Colin. If you have a web team and want to share this with them I can write it up. If you prefer we can also get on a call. Some insights and market research feedback from NYCoed is highly appreciated and maybe we can work together on this. In any case we are probably gonna launch the beta version in October. 

Appreciate the help mate.
